right now with the corona virus
spreading Genesis reuniting the unfollow
Bobo movement raging and on top of all
that Joe Biden has risen from the dead
Super Tuesday was like Easter Sunday for
Joe Biden who staged the biggest
comeback since Robert Downey jr. Biden
won 10 states last night including Texas
and Massachusetts where he's not even
expected to do well
he now has more delegates than any
Democrat and the biggest surprise of the
night was when Biden revealed he is also
the banana on the mast singer so that's
but it wasn't all great news for Joe
immediately after dominating the day the
very first moment of his celebration
speech was marred by this
[Applause]
I hope they don't mix up the hotel room
keys because boy
there was a shocker of a day for Bernie
Sanders the bottom really fell out on
the biggest takeaway from yesterday is a
lot of people really waited until the
last second to decide who it was like it
was like the wedding ceremony on love is
blind it's in California lines were very
some voters here in Los Angeles waited
three hours to vote and that is if I'm
waiting in line for three hours
I'd better get a Popeye's chicken
sandwich at the end of it this is what
it was like in Sacramento last night
where Awana unlucky dad learned the
value of the words vote by mantle you
could also take your mail-in ballot and
drop it in they make it very easy and
also if you're not in this the very good
the end of the line yeah okay well it
closes in two minutes yes to come quick
could have been the one that put Tulsi
Gabbard over the top so it's essentially
now a two-man contest it's joe and
bernie fighting for the nomination like
it's the last bowl of jell-o at the
senior center and nothing against either
one of those guys but isn't your late
70s a weird time to start a new job the
only job you should start in your 70s as
Walmart greeter this is you know we
already have a rule that you can't be
younger than 35 to be President I think
Congress needs to cap that too at age 70
you know when they wrote the
Constitution people like George
Washington no one expected to live to
age 78 the average life expectancy was
35 them but for whatever reason back in
1789 they made the minimum age would be
President 35 maybe they didn't want a
president I don't know and by the way
why is the minimum age 35 I mean if we
want someone who's 33 and great we can't
have that person Jesus died at 33 he
would have been ineligible
to be present in the United States some
reason that we go for the old white guys
is because when we're growing up we're
told that's what God looked like and now
because of his relationship with Barack
Obama Joe Biden is very popular with
African Americans and Bernie one of the
reasons he is able to do so well here in
California is because he's so strong
with Latinos which will be extremely
important come November of either one of
them goes cabeza tu cabeza with
Presidente Trump who this afternoon in
Washington demonstrated his powerful
command of espanol also here this
afternoon is big well Gutierrez I'd like
to ask MIG well to please come up and
tell us history
all's m'g well that ends McGraw not like
it's a common name I mean
[Applause]
we Guillermo how many guys do you know
named Miguel une honey one all he wants
see he's from there okay our president
also kept busy on Twitter he posted a
video of Mike Bloomberg licking his
fingers while eating pizza and he wrote
many Mike don't lick your dirty fingers
both unsanitary and dangerous for others
I think he's just jealous if Bloomberg's
fingers are big enough to lick but I do
want to look at this video again because
this really is something you know he
really it's a crazy week when I agree
with the President on something but that
is gross think he just started the
Domino's virus or there Bloomberg took a
licking last night and it did not keep
on ticking today the former mayor of New
York dropped out of the race he spent
five hundred million dollars to be in it
and the only place he won was American
Samoa it would have been cheaper for him
to just buy American Samoa than five
hundred million is a lot of millions of
dollars for that much money these are
the things Mike Bloomberg could have
bought with five hundred million dollars
this original DaVinci 250 Bugattis 500
private Beyonce concerts twenty five of
those heart of the ocean necklaces from
Titanic the Calgary Flames for 500
million dollars Bloomberg could have
paid for all of Trump's golf since he
became president and while Bloomberg may
now be out of the race he did release
one final campaign ad which I had it run
may have proven to be his most effective
yet America
ours is a nation founded on ideas we
need a candidate who can win voters
hearts and minds Mike Bloomberg
is that candidate he's the only Democrat
running whose name you hear in every
single commercial break every single
time you turn on the TV you've seen in
thousands of times but look at him look
at him
look deep into his eyes surrender
yourself to the inevitable submits
[Music]
I'm Mike Bloomberg and you'll do as I
command
I don't know I guess not Bloomberg is
out he endorsed Joe Biden today and this
is very clever yet they have a great
plan actually for the unsold Bloomberg
campaign mercs you know how because of
the coronavirus there's a shortage of
those masks well not anymore thanks to
some clever tailoring on the part of the
team Bloomberg there you go problem
solved you know the president Trump is a
well known germaphobe and he said to be
going around the White House lately
saying I can't get sick I can't get sick
he's reportedly been banishing staffers
who he thinks could infect him from his
office and you'll never guess who he
blames for the current limits on
coronavirus testing the Obama
administration made a decision on
testing and that turned out to be very
detrimental to what we're doing and we
undid that decision a few days ago yes
yes he also blamed Obama for a pokeymon
go which was on his watch of course
there's no evidence that the Obama
administration did anything of the kind
but that doesn't matter you know Trump
has been televising his meetings on this
lately had a roundtable with the CEOs of
the airlines yesterday during which he
presented the bright side of the corona
virus it's affecting the airline
business as it would and a lot of people
are staying in our country and they're
shopping and using our hotels in this
country so from that same point I think
probably there's a positive impact right
right
and guess who owns hotels well that's
right the smartest man in the world Mike
Pence gave a
coronavirus update today - and he
bragged that they have he said in a
positive way we have 2,500 testing kits
available that's great that's like the
ship is sinking but don't worry we have
an inner-tube jump on but the president
is not wrong people are stopping a lot
mostly buying hand sanitizer which you
cannot find anywhere now because of what
they call panic buying and I want to
show you something this is a text I got
today from my friend James baby doll
Dickson who is in a complete frenzy
about this virus he won't fly he won't
do anything this photo you're about to
see is the real passenger seat of his
car he's got cigarettes towelettes and
donuts even if the coronavirus doesn't
get them everything else in this car
will also a bottle of cologne in the
middle oh gee I guess he could gargle in
a pinch I don't know but being well baby
doll it's gonna smoke hard and
everything will be okay some scumbags
are really taking advantage of this by
jacking up prices for sanitizer like
Purell this is a 2-pack of Purell Lissa
on Amazon for 99 dollars they got around
the rules by listing it as a collectible
and a 24 pack of travel sized Purell for
only $400 the lesson here is just wash
your hands with soap Purell is through
the roof and so is lift the rideshare
service lifts reported their biggest
week of revenue ever presumably because
people are scared to use public
transportation which you know I get it
but if you're trying to get away from
germs maybe the Honda with a bowl of
community breath mints isn't the
solution
okay you can still get the virus in a
Kia Sorento all right
not every company is thriving right now
one unfortunately named product has been
an unexpected victim not just of the
virus but also of American stupidity
some Americans say they're avoiding
Corona beer because of the corona virus
outbreak it's not just a few people 38
percent of people polled more than a
third say they will not buy it under any
circumstance really really a third of us
the corona of the beer is causing the
virus that's that's like thinking Gator
causes AIDS that's dumb okay it's so
dumb I actually found it difficult to
believe so we decided to go out on the
hollywood boulevard to do our own on
scientific poll to see if we got similar
results
[Music]
do you think there might be a
correlation between Corona beer and the
corona virus possibly yeah it would be
Sabri if I could be concerned about do
you think there's any correlation
initially I did think there was a
correlation between the two luckily I
don't drink did you did drink would you
be concerned about your own why is that
because it sounds the same are you
worried at all about a resurgence of the
Zima virus yeah of course I mean so
serious and I think it's just I've
course I'm terrified of getting it would
you avoid warmer climates this summer
for fear of catching something like
Bacardi OSIS absolutely of course I
think so yes what did you think when you
heard that Mike pants had been named as
the head of the coronavirus task force I
think he's the most qualified person for
the job and why is that Vice President
votes for Trump what do you think about
him assigning the two senators Bartles
and Jaymes to work on the task force um
I think they're qualified as well do you
think natural ice could kill the virus
it could but both with the help of
technology we can't do it in LA we need
some technology in our systems what
about a fireball that is one and since
our technology is constantly improving
I'm looking forward to that as well have
you been paying heed to advice from
government officials like the Surgeon
General or Captain Morgan yes I'm
staying calm
now do you know if you're vaccinated
against white cloth
I just got vaccinated but my flu shots
and everything so hopefully that covered
it isn't it excellent what about blood
Lyme disease yes that too right do you
know if you or your family are
vaccinated against white claw the beer
white claw the disease oh my god that's
gonna go on television and I'm gonna be
like the idiot please have a cold one
tonight to support the people at Kona
beer I am Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT
allowed to eat this cookie until you
click the subscribe button so please
click now I'm hungry